Please follow this guidelines i will send each parts and follow this 

Preliminary pages
a. Title page. The title page is the first page of a capstone project manuscript. It presents the title, and the submission statement, which includes the school, the degree sought, the full name of the author/s, and the month and year the capstone project is completed. The title page has an imaginary page, "i"
The title of the capstone project and the name of the author/s are in capital letters and centered between the left and right margins. The title should be arranged in an inverted pyramid form if more than one line. The title's first line should appear one inch from the top of the page. Below the title is the submission statement, followed by the degree sought and the author's name. Three lines below the author's name are the month and year the capstone project is completed. A sample format of a title page is shown in Appendix 1.
b. Approval sheet. The approval sheet contains the name of the author/s and the capstone project title. It provides spaces for the signatures and dates signed by the adviser, technical critic, chairperson, college/campus research coordinator, dean/ campus coordinator, and the Director for Research, indicating their acceptance.
The title of the capstone project, the author/s, and the name of the signatories are in boldface. This page follows the title page and has an imaginary page, "ii" sample format of the approval sheet is shown in Appendix 2 and 3.
2. Body of the proposal
a. Introduction. The first line of the introductory page contains the capstone project title, written exactly the same as presented on the title page and in the approval sheet. The name of the author should be placed three spaces below the title. The title and author's name are in boldface. Three spaces below the author's name is the statement shown below:
An undergraduate capstone project proposal submitted to the faculty of the Department of Information Technology, Cavite State University, (name of the campus or college), (municipality/city), Cavite in partial fulfillment of the requirements for the degree of Bachelor of Science in Information Technology with Contribution No. the adviser).
_ Prepared under the supervision of (Name of

Three single spaces below it is the chapter title "INTRODUCTION." The
"INTRODUCTION" is in boldface and centered between the margins of the page.
The first paragraph starts three spaces below the title. A sample of the introductory page is shown in Appendix 13.
The introduction provides a brief description of the technology to be used in the conceptualization and development of the capstone project. It also includes a brief description of the problem and the aim of the study. It should be brief and should interest the reader in the remainder of the paper. It should be written in the present tense. The introduction includes:
i. Project context. This section describes the existing and prevailing issues or problems that made the researcher develop a solution for introducing the project. It should give a strong justification for choosing a research problem or issue and the desire and concern to improve a system.
ii. Objectives of the study. This section includes a statement of the purpose/s or the objective/s of the study. It has general and specific objectives. A general objective is a statement of the long-term target to be achieved and is closely parallel to the project title. On the other hand, specific objectives should be systematically stated that include the following:
• design the system (indicating its main capabilities, functions, or features);
• develop the system using different hardware and software requirements (must be specified);
• test the system;
• evaluate the system; and
• prepare an implementation plan.
ili. Purpose and description. This section includes the purpose of developing the project and discusses the reasons why the research has to be undertaken. It answers the following questions: Why make the study? What benefits would be derived from it? Will the study add to the body of knowledge? Will it have practical application? It describes the functions of the project as well as its capabilities that make the project innovative, relevant, or even únique. iv. Time and place of the study. This section includes the period when the study was conducted, from the preparation of the outline to the preparation of the manuscript. The place of study includes the actual place where the study and data gathering were conducted.
V.
Scope and limitation of the study. The scope describes the nature, coverage, and time frame of the study. It should specifically describe the deliverables of the project by stating its features and functions. The limitation, on the other hand, describes the boundaries that are not included in the project. vi. Conceptual framework. This section uses the Input-Process-Output (IPO) model that will provide the general structure and guide for the direction of the study (Appendix 13). The input consists of three categories, namely knowledge that includes the topics relevant to the study and the software and hardware requirements to be used for the development and implementation of the project. The process includes the project design and development stages, procedures, and models as indicated in the methodology, such as requirement analysis, requirement documentation, software design, systems, product and/ or processes, development, and testing). Finally, the output is the developed project that will be subjected to the user's evaluation.

vii. Definition of terms. This section defines terms, words, or phrases which have a special or unique meaning in the study. Terms should be defined operationally, that is, how they are used in the study. Definitions should be as brief and clear as possible.
b. Review of related literature. The "REVIEW OF RELATED LITERATURE" is composed of related literature/studies, technical background, and synthesis
-(Appendix 14). i.
Related literature/studies. This section contains the review of literature and studies available that are related to the project being conducted. This is a presentation of what was already done or what has been said about the area or subject under study. This should not only be in the form of describing or presenting from one idea to another but should compare and contrast them.
The researcher should point öut the similarities and differences in arguments between and among these pieces of literature. aritto
This section contains the review of studies, published or unpublished, related to the project being conducted. This includes but is not limited to the discussion about their methodology, scope and limitations, potentials, and technologies used.
ii. System technical background. In writing the technical background, the researchers must discuss the technical aspects of the project being conducted.
Their goal is to inform and educate the readers on the technicalities of their project so that they will understand the literature and studies that will be presented in the next section. This may include an in-depth discussion of technical terms involved or used in the project. These terms include jargon or newly coined words in the field of information technology.
ili. Synthesis. In this section, the researcher should be able to justify that the project he/she is working on is new by summarizing the content of related literature and studies.
When a reference cited in the text is authored by one or two persons who are not mentioned in the sentence, the family name of the authors) and the year of publication should appear at the end of the sentence enclosed in parenthesis. If there are more than two authors, then only the family name of the senior author appears, followed by "et al.," which is italicized with a period after "al."
Examples:
With the diverse and wide use of mobile applications, it is now considered a medium rather than a mode (Ciaramitaro, 2012). The mobile phone industry allows seamless communication between people even though they are in different places, conditions, and environments (Velikovsky & Shammass, 2012).
Like in spoken languages' phonetic features, changes in hand shape,
et al., 2013).
movement, and location can result in a new word in sign languages (Fromkin If a certain article is cited in the text and the name of the authors) forms part of the sentence, then only the year of publication is enclosed in parenthesis.
Examples:
Other studies include the mobile communication tool developed by Mothabi (2014) that can be used by pharmacists and deaf patients to support pharmacy.
a deaf person in understanding usage directions for medication dispensed at a

While Wilson (2013), being inspired by the idea that games can stimulate a quicker learning response as the user enjoys the sign learning process, developed a portable game-based instruction for learning American Sign Language.
Methodology. This section presents the materials and methods to be used in the study (see Appendix 15). It also presents the data to be gathered and the procedure to be followed in order to accomplish the objectives of the study. It includes the requirement analysis, requirement documentation, design of software, systems, product, and/or processes, development and testing, description of the prototype, and implementation plan to be used.
i. Design of software, systems, product and/or processes. Conceptual design, data models, systems architecture, and block diagrams are part of this phase.
However, the research can include other models depending on the need of his study.
• Requirement analysis. In this phase, the researcher should identify the details and functions of the current system of the organization that they will study. It shall discuss and answer the following questions: who - the people who are involved; what - the business activity; where - the environment in which the work involved; when - the timing; and how - how the current procedures are performed. Diagrams to clearly describe the system requirements should be provided in this phase.
It also includes the feasibility analysis of the project. Below are the types
of feasibility:
a. Operational feasibility is shown in a fishbone diagram.
b. Technical feasibility discusses the availability of technical resources in the organization.
Economic feasibility analyzes the estimated cost of the project in detail (see Appendix 27)
d. Schedule feasibility is shown.in a Gantt chart (see Appendix 26)
• Requirements documentation. This phase discusses what the software will do. It includes the modules of the proposed system/solution with the description.
ii. System development. The research should include the model that will be used in the study. The researcher needs to discuss each of the phases in the model to be used. However, if the model used by the researcher includes the requirement analysis, requirement documentation, and design of software, systems, product, and/or process mentioned above, he/she may just mention or briefly discuss the process in that phase to avoid redundancy.
ili: System testing. During the testing phase, the researcher should cite the testing
procedures conducted in the study.